hello and welcome back to learn English
with
Minecraft this is the series where I
teach English while trying to beat
Minecraft my name is Kenzo and this is
English from the ground
up so in this video I'm going to
continue exploring Underground
in the last video I found enough
diamonds to build some diamond
boots so the first thing that I'm going
to do is build some diamond
boots one two 3 four four diamonds make
diamond
boots and my other armor my iron chest
plate plate and leggings are almost
broken so I built a new Iron chest
plate and new iron
leggings there we go all right and I'm
going to enchant the diamond boots over
at the enchanting
room
jump enchanting room diamond boots
and as always I forgot to bring some
lapis
lazzi I can't believe I always forget to
bring
[Music]
lapis I'm going to build a
chest
dive okay I brought a a chest with
me
chest I'm going to place the chest right
here and inside the chest I'm going to
place some
lapis
lapis that way I never forget lapis
again so now diamond boots
lapis I'm going to get another level 30
enchantment
protection three Unbreaking three cool
and I'll put on my diamond
boots now I have eight and a half
Armor All right and I'm ready to go
exploring this time I'm going to go
somewhere
different I'm going to go that way but
first I'm going to start cooking some
potatoes
potatoes there we go and I'm also going
to
sleep because it's
night
sleep and drink some
coffee because I am
sleepy potatoes okay now I'm cooking
potatoes in this furnace and in this
furnace so I'll cook the potatoes twice
as fast I think there's a special kind
of furnace that cooks food
faster called a
smoker s m o k e r
smoker okay to build a smoker I need 1 2
3 4 logs and a furnace that's easy
furnace one 2 three four logs smoker I
guess I'll place the smoker right here
I'll go get some
coal I don't have much coal oh but I do
have
bamboo Bamboo is a great source of
fuel let's go check out my automatic
bamboo Farm
jump all right how much bamboo is
inside quite a
bit I'll take all of this eat these
potatoes with the bamboo I'll build
bamboo
blocks
okay and with the bamboo blocks I'll
cook more
potatoes
potatoes all right and this smoker Cooks
the potatoes a lot
faster a lot
faster all right that should be enough
food all right it's time to go
exploring let's go this way I remember
seeing a village that
way maybe I'll go look for the
village
ooh all right I'm going to check out
down
there jump
here's some
coal
wow this enchanted diamond pickaxe mines
coal really
fast and since this pickaxe has Fortune
to I got almost a whole stack of coal
okay I need to be
careful I'm going to slowly
descend down into this
Ravine
drop oh
slowly okay
drop all right now I'm at the bottom of
this ravine
whoa there are lots of bats flying
around what was that I heard a weird
sound
nothing it stops right
here there's nothing down
here maybe there's something this
way there's some
light
no there's absolutely nothing down
here oh well I'll go back
[Laughter]
up all
right the sun is beginning to go
down I'm going to swim across the
river swim
oh there's some
fish all right I swam across the
river and I'll continue exploring on
foot jump jump jump jump jump
jump
whoa
[Music]
whoa a brok
nether
portal last time I found one of these
there was a chest
nearby but not this
time I think I saw the
village
jump aha The
Village dive
swim swim
swim all
right here we are a
village let's explore this Village hm I
wonder what kind of crops these
are uhoh die spider die
die
wheat what oh hello Iron
Golem he's being pushed by the
water oh some
lava what's inside this
chest some
obsidian some
bread saplings
iron and an
apple
uh-oh that Iron Golem just killed that
zombie what's
this
nothing uh-oh a zombie
villager that was a villager that was
killed by a
zombie so he turned into a zombie
villager anything in
here
oh a brewing
stand it just killed another zombie good
job Iron
Golem oh I see a chest in
there
bread and I don't really want any of
these seeds I guess I'll take the
sapling it's a
farmer sometimes you can trade with the
Villagers okay
farmer
Farmer
farmer I guess this farmer doesn't want
to
trade
I'm going to
ring the bell ding ding
ding I rung the Bell okay I'm going to
check out these
houses what's in here
cows and a
smoker I just built a
smoker
ooh what's in
here
bread and some leather armor I won't
take this leather
armor
emeralds thank you villager I just stole
your
emeralds oh the moon is going down and
pretty soon the sun will be coming
up anything in
here more emeralds and
bread well cool I'm glad there's a
village
nearby I guess I'm going to leave the
village and continue
exploring but I'll try to remember where
this Village
is let's go this
way whoa
okay I'm going to check out this
area
okay
whoa this goes down really
far it's really
deep
uhoh
whoa I'm going to check out down
here down
down
lava uh-oh
uh-oh I'm on fire I'm on fire I need to
find water water water
water
okay okay I need to
eat I need to be careful around
lava uh-oh uh-oh
skeleton where's the
skeleton
die
die there's the
skeleton
uhoh into the
lava die die okay I'm going to eat some
potatoes any diamonds
around
diamonds
okay whoa lots of diamonds okay
okay time to use my enchanted
pickaxe uh-oh I need to throw away some
rotten
flesh
what there we
go okay 11
diamonds
wow that's more diamonds than I found in
the entire previous
video I'm going to continue searching
down
here diamonds
whoa un abandoned M
shaft uhoh uhoh cave
spiders where's the spawner where's the
spawner
I need to break
it die die okay break break
break okay more
diamonds okay I'm going to eat so I can
heal cave spider die die all right
torch Oh I thought this was more
diamonds but
no
okay is it just
one
more okay I think that's it but 14
diamonds I want to get enough diamonds
to build a diamond chest plate and
diamond leggings
torch torch
torch torch these are long
Halls
whoa
okay
spider die die spider
die okay this cave is massive
die
torch any diamonds
diamonds any diamonds
around I don't see
any a chest okay I'm going to look
inside the
chest a name
tag I can use this name tag to name my
pet fish or my pet parrot
Steve or
Steven I think it was
Steven um there's some
iron I'll pick up the iron
torches
lapis I'll pick up these activator
rails
um okay yeah I'll leave the
rest I don't need these
things and I'll continue searching for
diamonds
ah I keep on seeing seeing these and
thinking they're
diamonds stay away
[Music]
spider uh-oh I got
poisons going to eat eat eat eat okay
uhoh uhoh I got poisoned
again run run run I'm running
away run run
[Music]
run I'm
hiding
okay I'm
safe okay that was
close I'll go up
here
a
okay
diamonds
great
torch all right just
one
wonderful I'm up to 20
diamonds this is going
great oh I I see the spider up
there die
okay a
creeper okay okay another
chest what's
inside whoa glowberries
more coal beetroot seeds
I don't have any beetroots in my garden
yet so I'll pick up these
seeds um I'll throw away two bamboo and
I'll pick up these glowberries
I'll throw away seeds I'll pick up the
iron I'll pick up the enchanted golden
apple I'll throw away the
string
and I don't need any of this
no
whoa I almost missed these
diamonds more
diamonds all right 23
diamonds so many spider
webs so many spider
webs
uhoh
whoa
what this spider's head is going through
the
walls
die die
die I'm
poisoned another chest
bread
um a torch more beetroot
seeds
whoa these rails are
floating this abandoned M shaft is
huge
diamonds
more
okay
okay 24 just
one just one
Diamond
okay
diamonds I almost missed these diamonds
because they're next to these glowing
Vines
okay more
diamonds
whoa 26
whoa this place is
enormous and there are lots of monsters
around I'm going to stay close to the m
shaft over
here because I've been finding a lot of
diamonds around the M
shaft
diamonds
diamonds just one
just
one another
chest okay let's check it
out another name
tag
torches more
iron more
bread more beetroot
seeds
okay
whoa more diamonds
okay time to mine these
diamonds okay let's see how many
diamonds I've found
now I'm up to 32
diamonds all
right
I've closed myself
in because I'm going to end this video
right here and in the next video I'll
continue my adventure thank you so much
for watching if you liked this video
please click the like button or
subscribe to my channel and as always I
will see you in the next
video see
[Music]
you